When will the end arrive, I wonder?
Will we be gone, as the sky turns red?
After it takes me up with it forever,
where might it embrace?
September, the skies are blue, as usual
In a classroom, out of my head, as usual
Like everyday, nothing is new, and so?
When will I flutter off, like the petals in the wind?
As more useless time had passed, I had only lost more hope
as the sunset faded away.
Oh...
When will the end arrive, I wonder?
Will I be gone with clothes stained with black?
After it takes me up with it forever,
what might it become, will the world collapse?
And soon enough, the sky was turning red
with shatters in the floor, and over my head...
Sirens and screams surrounded I,
in the dark, I would say "Goodbye, Goodbye," because
...it never mattered to me.
When will the end arrive, I wonder?
Will I be gone? There's nothing more...
After it takes me up with it forever,
can't I finally rest without a worry?
Won't I see what it's like to be free
When will I see...? Oh...